[Music]
hello there fellow Aquarians have you
ever met someone and thought wow what a
buffoon I know I have and then he became
my best friend first impressions are
usually wrong sometimes we think we'll
vibe with someone and when we get to
know them how we run has anyone ever
told you you must be a Sagittarius even
though you're a Taurus last week was the
26th time with me but you see during our
birth there's another star sign emerging
in the horizon this called surprise
surprise the rising star kind of like
the Sun every morning but different for
the non astrology savvy people here's
what I'm talking about the day you're
born determines your star sign yet the
time you're born determines your rising
star or ascendant those are the same
thing the rising star is your social
mask think of how you act when you're
around new people you adapted these
traits from your rising zodiac sign and
they are responsible for the image you
put out to the world if you would like
to know your rising star there are tests
you can do online where you must fill in
your date and time of birth hey let me
know your star sign and rising star down
in the comments meanwhile let's begin
with the following rising stars Aries
when you walk into a room the first
thing that pops inside people's heads is
whoa
what a strong fella hey calm down it's
not because you're lifting weights you
convey a positive image so much that it
seems like everything is under your
control some people might find you a bit
intimidating at first but who wouldn't
feel that way in front of a strong
leader am i right
as time passes and people get to know
you they realize what's hiding
underneath you're a hard worker you
could be a messy Pisces or a shy Scorpio
but when you walk into a room people
think is that the new employee or our
boss Taurus you march into a room and
you make heads turn you'll grab people's
attentions like a magnet but you love it
come
I admit it most commonly people having
the tourist star sign or ascendant are
considered very attractive
therefore successful too when you talk
to someone this is what's going through
their heads I could stare at her for
hours she's the whole package isn't she
she's looking at me weird great now she
thinks I'm creepy when you strike a
conversation with someone your strong
opinions make you appear stubborn but
when they meet you on a deeper level
they realize that you are more open than
you let on
Gemini okay you little troublemakers I
know you mean well but when people see
you for the first time they become
mesmerized by your mischievous smile are
you plotting something or is that the
way you smile some others feel uneasy
until you start talking there they see
your knowledge and the light small talk
turns into a deep conversation you also
have the gift of making people feel
comfortable from the start
yep even when you can't keep your
sarcasm out of the equation cancer my
little care givers do you know what else
is given out right away your compassion
you have a very calming look naturally
so when someone meets you for the first
time they think of you as the mom of the
group even if you are a logical Virgo or
Capricorn your emotional side will take
over so there isn't a ton of mystery
there until someone gets to know you
deeper you tend to get moody and distant
at times you drift off in your world
wondering all sorts of things but that's
rare other people need you superhuman
leo the first impression you give off is
very positive you know exactly how to
act and what to say to people so
everyone who meets you thinks of you as
a very charismatic person here's the
thing though deep down you are working
on it you aren't completely as achieved
as you show you'll also appear very
trustworthy and people think of you as a
great leader getting to know you is also
easy your friends discover how
passionate
you are and you become an inspiration
sometimes your dramatic side appears but
don't sweat it
everyone loves a bit of drama sometimes
Virgo is that organized enough folks or
do I need to redo it I know your passion
for order when people see you you give
off a charming vibe so much that others
are eager to have a conversation with
you once they get to know you they
discover that you are a problem solver
yep you can prevent any disagreement as
an orderly person you dislike emotional
chaos as much as the real thing
so you avoid it altogether that becomes
a problem when people take advantage of
that and they go above and beyond to get
a reaction out of you stick to it you're
doing great
Libra when you enter a room you walk
like you own it when you enter an
airplane you walk like you're the pilot
when you walk into a forest well you get
the idea everyone thinks of you as a
great leader but when they meet you they
discover you are the person to get
things done without complaining the
problem is you become so analytical it's
hard to get out of it and that's
something that happens in your personal
life too you like to analyze gestures
conversations and reactions to
understand where people stand that
sometimes leaves you with few friends
since you also appear unpredictable and
eccentric but you know quality over
quantity right
Scorpio you're on fire that's the first
thing people think when they see you now
you don't make heads turn like you're
Taurus and Leo friends but you make
people see you as the most attractive
person in the room you have a gift of
gaining admiration maybe because you
think everything over carefully and your
ideas become infectious but that's not
always the case
some others think of you as a
manipulator at first then you get out of
that category pretty fast
you share your ideas with them or maybe
a Scorpio manipulated me into saying
that how would I ever know one thing is
for sure you grab people's attention
even when you don't want it Sagittarius
what's up my little individual lists I
mean that as a compliment
you are admired for your openness and
independence and you give off that vibe
right off the bat the first thing that
comes to mind when people see you is
that you are outgoing and free you'll go
on trips on your own you'll enjoy a
quiet walk and a coffee all by yourself
if you were a movie character you'd be
Morpheus from the matrix but here's the
thing you choose who gets to know you
and who doesn't
a few people become your friends and you
end up becoming their personal adviser
because of your honest opinions you are
a great companion in a difficult
situation so people prefer to be with
you when disaster strikes Capricorn you
walk into an office that you don't even
work at and everyone goes straight back
to work you are so focused in what you
do that you communicate that vibe if I
could describe you with one word it'd be
determined you appear strong minded
maybe because you never let yourself off
the hook when your friends get to know
you they discover the fire burning
inside you alongside your need for
success you're sort of a weirdo because
you appear serious until you unleash
your dark humor then others don't know
whether you're joking or if you're
serious Aquarius
where are you little rebels
unfortunately you don't give off the I'm
a revolutionary vibe but you're close
enough when someone meets you for the
first time they think one of a kind yep
the way you talk act and carry yourself
makes others think that you'll give them
an inspirational lecture on how you see
the world
sometimes you become the center of
attention and that makes your
competitive Scorpio friends a bit
jealous but what can you do your
eclectic like neo from the matrix Pisces
if I could characterize you with one
symbol it'd be the question mark you are
the only zodiac sign that makes people
think they need more info to draw a
first impression but that's a good thing
when others get to meet you they find
that you are troubled with ideas
I mean you analyze things to the point
that you become lost in your thoughts
you've got an excellent poker face
people can't really tell what you are
thinking sometimes you can either but
that's another story you make friends
with a few individuals since you're an
excellent listener so better do the same
while I'm analyzing you here well folks
first impressions are rarely correct
that also depends on the person you have
in front of you some people are great
judges of character and read you like an
open book others on the other hand can't
so they're all rightie
if you learn something new today then
give the video a like and share with a
Fred and here are some other cool videos
I think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life